---
author: Adam Stepinski
authorURL: https://github.com/adamstep
title: April Update: Custom behaviors and better debugging
---

[Hyperview v.0.12.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperview/v/0.12.2) contains many new features and enhancements since our last update, the biggest one being support for [custom behaviors](docs/reference_custom_behaviors). With support for both custom elements and custom behaviors, the space of possibilities for Hyperview apps is huge!

Thanks to [divyanshu013](https://github.com/divyanshu013), [flochtililoch](https://github.com/flochtililoch), [utkbansal](https://github.com/utkbansal), and [dikarel](https://github.com/dikarel) for their great contributions to this release.

### New Features
- Hyperview now fully supports [custom behaviors](docs/reference_custom_behaviors). As part of this change, we've removed any behaviors that required external dependencies (phone calls, event tracking, etc). These behaviors were specific to Instawork, so it wasn't appropriate to include them in the core framework.
- Behaviors can now trigger a [reload](/docs/reference_behavior_attributes#reload) action, which mimics the functionality of a refresh button in a browser. This is often useful during development to quickly refresh a single screen in an app.
- A new [`<web-view>`](/docs/reference_web) element allows embedding web view screens in a Hyperview app.
- A new [`auto-focus`](/docs/reference_textfield#auto-focus) attribute on [`<text-field>`](/docs/reference_textfield) allows focusing a field as soon as it renders on screen.

### Development Experience

#### Better logging messages
Based on feedback from Hyperview developers, we added helpful debug logging:

- The use of unregistered elements will show a warning in the console.
- The use of unregistered behaviors will show a warning in the console.
- When a behavior modifies the DOM, the new DOM for the screen gets logged to the console.

#### Watch mode for demo
Previously, when implementing features in Hyperview, the demo app had to be re-built with every change. There's now a "watch" mode that will automatically propagate changes to the demo app.

#### Reloading single screens
Behaviors can now trigger a "reload" action, which mimics the functionality of a refresh button in a browser. This is often useful during development to quickly refresh a single screen in an app.

#### Removal of animation system
Before version 0.12.2, Hyperview had a beta implementation of an animation system. We removed this system to simplify the client, and to lay the groundwork for a fuller animation/gesture system in the future.

## Bug fixes
- Behaviors are no longer detected solely by the presence of an `href` attribute. Now, the presence of an `href` or `action` attribute will correctly identify

- On Android, sending empty multi-part forms no longer causes crashes.
